Review the Goal setting theory in the Robbins text and respond to the question, “Is Goal Setting Manipulation?”
No, I do not believe goal setting is a way of manipulation. Most of the managers use goal setting techniques to get an employee to perform at its maximum potential. According to theory employees maximum performance can be achieved by setting goals which are specific, difficult and by providing feedback. Goal setting is basically an action plan that are desgined to motivate or guide an individual to achieve an objective. When a manager sets a specific and challenging goal for an employee it does not mean they are manipulating. The basic idea behind the goal setting is to get employees to put in more effort and performance into there job.
If employees are not given any specific goal, then there will not be a clear understanding of what they are supposed to do. Goal specification provides an employee with a specific objective to attain. A concise goal will give an employee enough details about what they are supposed to achieve. 
Employees with goals that are not challenging, can never upgrade there knowledge base. They will keep on doing same mundane job over and over again. There will not be a situation for them for which they have to work hard. They will not be having any motivation to learn new things. Challenging goals keep the employees motivated and committed. They will have the sense of responsibility towards there job which will help them input there maximum effort to try to achieve difficult goals.
Setting goals alone cannot help employees to put in there best foot forward. Timely feedbacks plays an important role in order to guide them towards right direction. By means of feedback employees can access there progress towards there goals. They can distinguish what they had done so far and what they are supposed to do next. 
Goal and performance are related to each other. Employees involved with a specific and challenging goals tend to have higher performance because they are inherently motivated with the goal, they want to achieve the goal for internal rewards and they will be satisfaction because of it. Goal helps employees to be put in more focused effort in the specified direction. Goal setting also help employees to plan there future in a well structured manner. 
By providing with specific, challenging goals with proper feedbacks management are helping employees to attain an goal putting in there maximum performance and effort, increasing there knowledgebase, improving there decision making skills and at same time getting the organization achieve there objective with high quality performance from there employees in turn maximizing the profit. It is a win - win situation for both employees and management. 
