I believe major people problem the project managers face is lack of teamwork. A project team, small or big is build with diverse people coming from different backgrounds, having different temperament, different understanding, different qualifications, etc. Project managers are faced with the challenge of uniting all these diversified people to work as a team. Project Managers have to motivate team's work enthusiam, give them the freedom to do their job as per the expectation, create an environment where all can perform with high performance. The biggest challenege is to bring coordination between one another to achieve the project objective ensuring quality. In order to overcome lack of teamwork, a project manager can consider the following aspects

1) Communication:Good communication is heart of great teamwork. Great teams are good with the communication and often connect on adaily basis to share ideas, brainstorm on a problem, provide feedback. It is not necessary team members have to agree with each other on every point. What is important is they settle the differences by finding a sound solution and move ahead as a team. Communication plays a key role here.Project managers have to encourage the team to communicate more often. They need to set the tone of the communication within the team. They can setup meetings with the team where each can share there ideas, collaberate with each other.
2) Team building exercise:There are various team building exercises available these days which can help motivate people to work as a team. These exercises depends on what problems or which area of teamwork you need to address. E.g. there may be conflict between team members on certain idea and they need to recover from it. The team might be new, they need to become more familiar with each other, team need to build more trust in each other. 
3) Rewards & Recognition: Employees like to be recognised for the work they do. "Recognized employees are satisfied employees". If you want to build a strong team, recognition plays an important role. It gives them a feeling of assurance that their effort is not going unnoticed and highly boosts their motivation on a day to day  basis
4) Socializing:Project managers can encourage team to socialize more often by taking them to team lunch, after hour drinks, some outdoor games. The key here is to just get people to talk. Team members can increase the level of mutual respect, trust and develop a sense of team belongingness if they get to know each other on a personal level.